# Carbon Fixation

Here, I am trying to bring the cells to fix CO2.
Reactions and molecules of the Wood Ljungdahl pathway are defined.
Allowed reactions are:

$$
\begin{align*}
CO2 + NADPH & \rightleftharpoons formiat + NADP \\
formiat + FH4 + ATP & \rightleftharpoons formylFH4 + ADP \\
formylFH4 + NADPH & \rightleftharpoons methylenFH4 + NADP \\
methylenFH4 + NADPH & \rightleftharpoons methylFH4 + NADP \\
methylFH4 + NiACS & \rightleftharpoons FH4 + methylNiACS \\
methylNiACS + CO2 + HSCoA & \rightleftharpoons NiACS + acetylCoA
\end{align*}
$$

During the simulation CO2 levels will constantly be kept high on the molecule map.
Energy is constantly added by interchanging ADP with ATP and NADP with NADPH.
Up to a total of 1000 cells cells spawn randomly.
This chemistry alone doesn't allow cells to recover molecules like FH4, NiACS, HS-CoA$, ADP, NADP.
Thus, molecule degradation is switched off.

Evolutionary pressure is applied by the selection of cells which are allowed to divide and the selection of cells which die.
The likelihood of a cell dying is increased for cells with low acetyl-CoA contents.
Furthermore, cells which live long but don't replicate have an increased likelihood of dying, too.
Cell division is allowed if acetyl-CoA concentrations are high enough.
The cell division will convert acetyl-CoA back to SH-CoA.
Cells with increased acetyl-CoA have an increased likelihood of dividing.

Variance is generated by randomly mutating cells.
All cells will experience point mutations.
Cells which divide can undergo a random recombination of the ancestor and descendant genome.

```
# short test run:
python -m experiments.e1_co2_fixing.main --n_steps=20
...
# watch progress on tensorboard
tensorboard --logdir=./experiments/e1_co2_fixing/runs
```
